README.md, before:

# Awesome Wordlists [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)
A curated list of wordlists for bruteforcing and fuzzing

--------------------
- [Enumeration](#enumeration)
- [Emails](#emails)
- [Passwords](#passwords)
- [Usernames](#usernames)
- [Miscellaneous](#miscellaneous)

--------------------

## Enumeration
- [Dirbuster Wordlists](https://github.com/3ndG4me/KaliLists/tree/master/dirbuster) - Dirbuster's default directories wordlists
- [Dirb Wordlists](https://github.com/3ndG4me/KaliLists/tree/master/dirb) - Dirb's default wordlists
- [ws-dirs](https://github.com/3ndG4me/KaliLists/blob/master/wfuzz/webservices/ws-dirs.txt) - wfuzz webservices directories' wordlist
- [ws-files](https://github.com/3ndG4me/KaliLists/blob/master/wfuzz/webservices/ws-files.txt) - wfuzz webservices files' wordlist
- [Directories](https://github.com/xajkep/wordlists/blob/master/discovery/directory_only_one.small.txt) - xajkep's directories
- [Backup files](https://github.com/xajkep/wordlists/blob/master/discovery/backup_files_only.txt) - xajkep's backup files
- [Backup files with path](https://github.com/xajkep/wordlists/blob/master/discovery/backup_files_with_path.txt) - xajkep's backup files with paths

## Emails
- [Xajkep's email providers](https://github.com/xajkep/wordlists/blob/master/misc/email_free_providers.txt) - Email providers from xajkep's wordlists

## Passwords
- [RockYou](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=4&ved=2ahUKEwj1z-bXsfzkAhVgGbkGHfV9AMsQFjADegQIARAB&url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fbrannondorsey%2Fnaive-hashcat%2Freleases%2Fdownload%2Fdata%2Frockyou.txt&usg=AOvVaw3snAERl1mU6Ccr4WFEazBd) - The go-to wordlist for passwords
- [WPA-Length Passwords](https://github.com/berzerk0/Probable-Wordlists/tree/master/Real-Passwords/WPA-Length) - Passwords with WPA length
- [SecLists' Passwords](https://github.com/danielmiessler/SecLists/tree/master/Passwords) - Password wordlists from SecLists
- [CrackStation](https://crackstation.net/crackstation-wordlist-password-cracking-dictionary.htm) - CrackStation's password wordlist

## Usernames
- [SecLists' Usernames](https://github.com/danielmiessler/SecLists/tree/master/Usernames) - Username wordlists from SecLists

## Miscellaneous
- [Probable-Wordlists](https://github.com/berzerk0/Probable-Wordlists) - Basically a research on several types of wordlists
- [SecLists](https://github.com/danielmiessler/SecLists) - Several wordlists categorized by type
- [Kali Wordlists](https://github.com/3ndG4me/KaliLists) - Kali Linux's default wordlists
- [Blog g0tmi1k](http://blog.g0tmi1k.com/2011/06/dictionaries-wordlists/) - G0tmi1k's post on what makes a good dictionary
- [Skull Security Passwords](https://wiki.skullsecurity.org/Passwords) - Skull Security's password lists
- [Xajkep's Wordlists](https://github.com/xajkep/wordlists) - List of wordlists from xajkep

Commit message:

Add lists of lists, remove table of content
Tables of content are now automatically included on READMEs (https://github.blog/changelog/2021-04-13-table-of-contents-support-in-markdown-files/)

README.md, after:

# Awesome Wordlists [![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://awesome.re)
A curated list of wordlists for bruteforcing and fuzzing

## Lists of Lists
- [Seclists](https://github.com/danielmiessler/SecLists) - Collection of useful wordlists grouped by context
- [Xajkep's Wordlists](https://github.com/xajkep/wordlists) - Wordlists curated by Xajkep grouped by context

## Enumeration
- [Dirbuster Wordlists](https://github.com/3ndG4me/KaliLists/tree/master/dirbuster) - Dirbuster's default directories wordlists
- [Dirb Wordlists](https://github.com/3ndG4me/KaliLists/tree/master/dirb) - Dirb's default wordlists
- [ws-dirs](https://github.com/3ndG4me/KaliLists/blob/master/wfuzz/webservices/ws-dirs.txt) - wfuzz webservices directories' wordlist
- [ws-files](https://github.com/3ndG4me/KaliLists/blob/master/wfuzz/webservices/ws-files.txt) - wfuzz webservices files' wordlist
- [Directories](https://github.com/xajkep/wordlists/blob/master/discovery/directory_only_one.small.txt) - xajkep's directories
- [Backup files](https://github.com/xajkep/wordlists/blob/master/discovery/backup_files_only.txt) - xajkep's backup files
- [Backup files with path](https://github.com/xajkep/wordlists/blob/master/discovery/backup_files_with_path.txt) - xajkep's backup files with paths

## Emails
- [Xajkep's email providers](https://github.com/xajkep/wordlists/blob/master/misc/email_free_providers.txt) - Email providers from xajkep's wordlists

## Passwords
- [RockYou](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=4&ved=2ahUKEwj1z-bXsfzkAhVgGbkGHfV9AMsQFjADegQIARAB&url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fbrannondorsey%2Fnaive-hashcat%2Freleases%2Fdownload%2Fdata%2Frockyou.txt&usg=AOvVaw3snAERl1mU6Ccr4WFEazBd) - The go-to wordlist for passwords
- [WPA-Length Passwords](https://github.com/berzerk0/Probable-Wordlists/tree/master/Real-Passwords/WPA-Length) - Passwords with WPA length
- [SecLists' Passwords](https://github.com/danielmiessler/SecLists/tree/master/Passwords) - Password wordlists from SecLists
- [CrackStation](https://crackstation.net/crackstation-wordlist-password-cracking-dictionary.htm) - CrackStation's password wordlist

## Usernames
- [SecLists' Usernames](https://github.com/danielmiessler/SecLists/tree/master/Usernames) - Username wordlists from SecLists

## Miscellaneous
- [Probable-Wordlists](https://github.com/berzerk0/Probable-Wordlists) - Basically a research on several types of wordlists
- [SecLists](https://github.com/danielmiessler/SecLists) - Several wordlists categorized by type
- [Kali Wordlists](https://github.com/3ndG4me/KaliLists) - Kali Linux's default wordlists
- [Blog g0tmi1k](http://blog.g0tmi1k.com/2011/06/dictionaries-wordlists/) - G0tmi1k's post on what makes a good dictionary
- [Skull Security Passwords](https://wiki.skullsecurity.org/Passwords) - Skull Security's password lists
- [Xajkep's Wordlists](https://github.com/xajkep/wordlists) - List of wordlists from xajkep
